# Deep-Learning-for-Comparative-Control-of-Quadrotor-Unmanned-Aerial-Vehicles
We were inspired by the Newton-Raphson flow controller in \cite{wardi_ijrnc_2019, wardi_NR_first_prelim}. These works develop a very computationally lightweight, yet powerful controller which can be used for systems as complicated as the nonliear, highly coupled, and underactuated quadrotor. Further, this controller comes with certain theoretical bounds on error. The catch is that the controller, and its error bounds, are dependent upon a predictor, much like model predictive control \cite{MPC_Realtime_Quad}, which it is conveniently agnostic to.

Here, we'd train a neural network to predict the relevant system outputs $[p_x, p_y, p_z, p_{\psi}]$ from the full system state and the system inputs $[x, y, z, V_x, V_y, \\V_z, \phi, \theta, \psi, \tau, p, q, r]$, where $[\tau, p, q, r]$ are the inputs for the quadrotor as thrust, and body rates. We'd then train the neural network to predict where the quadrotor will be at a lookahead distance of $T=0.8$ seconds ahead based on its current state and inputs.  We seek to experiment with various types of deep learning architectures to formulate an ideal predictor and compare these architectures with baseline predictors based on closed-form system approximations and forward-integration of the system dynamics through forward euler.

As an extension of this project, we would also like to use certain neural network architectures to directly control quadrotors by training them to perform in the same manner that MPC, PID, or other known controllers, to do a comparative analysis of all of these techniques. We could further compare with weight-agnostic architectures or implicit ones \cite{weight_agnostic_NNs, implicit_DL}. If we are fortunate, we will be able to implement these techniques not only on the realistic gazebo simulator, but on a real hardware quadrotor.
